Main branch docs (#14)
distributed-technologies/wiki: git/conventions.md

## Folder conventions

> This section describes a list of folders which we all 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes our naming convention for 
additional folders in repositories.
```

agree is our default additional folders

> so they are named the same across platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes our naming convention for 
additional folders in repositories.
```
